1)What is Constructor?
Ans:-A constructor is a block of codes similar to the method. It is called when an instance of the class is created. At the time of calling constructor, memory for the object is allocated in the memory.
It is a special type of method which is used to initialize the object.

2)What is constructor chaining?
Ans:-Constructor chaining is the process of calling one constructor from another constructor with respect to current object. 
One of the main use of constructor chaining is to avoid duplicate codes while having multiple constructor (by means of constructor overloading) and make code more readable.

3)Can we call a subclass constructor from a superclass constructor?
Ans:-Yes,we can call a subclass constructor from a superclass constructor.

4)What happen if you keep a return type for a constructor?
Ans:- If we keep return type for a constructor it will be treated as a normal method.

5)What is No-arg construstor?
Ans:-In Java, a no-argument constructor is the default constructor and if you don't define explicitly in your program.

6)How ia no-argument constructor differnt from the default constructor?
Ans:-In Java, a default constructor is a constructor that is automatically generated by the compiler if no constructor is defined in the class. It is a no-argument constructor that initializes all instance variables to their default values. On the other hand, a no-argument constructor is a constructor that takes no arguments and can be defined by the programmer. It can be used to initialize instance variables to specific values or perform other tasks. The main difference between the two is that the default constructor is generated by the compiler while the no-argument constructor is defined by the programmer.

7)When do we need constructor overloading?
Ans:-The constructor overloading can be defined as the concept of having more than one constructor with different parameters so that every constructor can perform a different task.

8)What is default constructor Explain with an example.
Ans:-Java compiler automatically creates a default constructor (Constructor with no arguments) in case no constructor is present in the java class. Following are the motive behind a default constructor.
	Create the Object
	Call the super class constructor()
	Initialize all the instance variables of the class object.
Example:-
		public class Tester {
   int a;
   String b;
   public static void main(String[] args) {

      //Default constructor
      //is called to create a new object
      Tester t = new Tester();
      //print the default values
      System.out.println(t.a);
      System.out.println(t.b);
   }
}